our ces 2019 coverage is brought to you
by dbrand their grip case and prism
screen protector give you 360 degree
protection for your phone check them out
at the link in the video description so
we're here at acer where they're showing
off some gaming notebooks they're
showing off the new swift 7 which is the
same thinness as the old one but
significantly smaller so it's still got
a y-class processor it's still super
thin 10-hour battery life dual core
hyper-threaded
it's still a little flimsier than i'd
like and it's still very expensive at
what was it seventeen hundred dollars or
something along those lines and then
to go with the
thinnest lightest notebook they've ever
made
they've got this
this is the aptly named throwness
arguably the biggest heaviest desktop
ever made so this entire thing is
actually one package there is a single
sku it costs ten thousand dollars but
whoa hold on that actually isn't as
crazy expensive as you might initially
think and in fact the first thing that
both i and colton said when we walked in
was like oh that's it
because there is a lot of stuff here so
first of all you get yourself a predator
orion desktop so this is their 9000
desktop it comes with uh it's a pretty
good spec but not an over-the-top spec
that's included in the 10 dollar unit so
you got your 8700k i believe it's 32
gigs of ram does that sound about right
you got your 512 gig ssd two terabyte
hard drive what's that
64 gigs of ram who's keeping track at
this point uh rtx 2080 ti so very
capable little gaming machine all right
you get a full set of acer predator
gaming peripherals keyboard mouse uh uh
you got your headset you got this
special shaped mouse pad that goes with
this you know arm that closes in on you
you get three acer predator gaming
monitors so these are 27 inch 144 hertz
2560 by 1440 monitors they're running in
nvidia surround whatever nvidia is
calling that these days and you get
this
so acer is only selling this
with what they're calling white glove
service which is to say that when you
buy a throwness
someone will come to your house spend
probably upwards of two hours assembling
it for you wherever it is that you
choose to plunk it down and by the way
you won't be moving it after because it
weighs well over 500 pounds and you will
be treated to not just the most deluxe
gaming chair that i have ever been in
it will be a motorized one so the first
thing you need to do is get your rgb
adjusted to whatever's comfortable for
you i'm partial to orange i'm gonna go
ahead and do that then you grab this
remote right here which controls not
just the rumble in the seat so there's
actually a couple of subwoofers built
into the seat that will just detect any
low frequency sound in your game or
movie or whatever else it is and vibrate
along your back and along your butt
crack
um but you also get to adjust
check this out oh no that is all this
one does never mind so it's got a
separate remote that's built in right
here that you can use to do this
[Music]
oh no the headset
open open
come on linus hold on
ah to do this
so it closes the keyboard mouse tray i
gotta give it a little help this is
pre-production still it's not shipping
till q2 sometimes something along those
lines closes the arm and then there's
actually a couple of other things here
that i can adjust as well so i'm gonna
go ahead and throw my headset on and i'm
going to raise the pedals
so this lifts up my feet
and this buddy is supposed to
pop up here i think come on there buddy
eh pre-production like i said sir
come on pedal rise
do you mind showing me how you got this
to come up before
oh okay wrong button then finally
this is the last trick what they're
calling zero g
so it lifts up your legs
and tilts the whole thing
back
now you don't have to go all the way
back and in fact i would say there is at
least
a small risk of your keyboard kind of
accidentally falling on you if you don't
secure it back here or something figure
out some way to cable manage that
and in fact every part of it is
no i wouldn't say infinitely adjustable
but very adjustable so you can raise the
arms a little bit if your eye line's a
little bit higher so this is it you are
immersed in your gaming cockpit you've
got your cup holders you've got your usb
hub over here so you plug in a thumb
drive or whatever else it is you want
you've got a controller pouch down here
that you can keep your uh i don't know
your
come on your xbox game controller or
whatever else in
i mean
what more could you ask for
this type of thing is sure to impress
the ladies
and like i said all of this
for just ten thousand dollars including
coming to assemble it for you
now
if you guys
are anything like me
you're probably asking yourself at this
point
why
why is acer building this this is so far
outside of their typical product lineup
and the best answer that i could get
because unlike what i would have
expected with a product like this
where
i would have seen a brand trying to make
you know five thousand dollars a unit
because this is going to be obviously a
low volume
item
they seem to be taking a very similar
approach to the margin of this product
based on what i know about how much it
costs to do this kind of thing as they
would even on like a typical gaming
notebook
so the best answer that i can get out of
them is that this is a statement piece
this is the kind of thing that they want
to be a draw in retail stores or in um
entertainment centers or wherever else
where people are going to be exposed to
the predator brand and think you know
what predator yeah
gaming like hardcore gaming and if
that's the goal then
as far as i'm concerned mission
accomplished acer
mission accomplished
that's not really a recommendation to
buy one
but it's definitely attention grabbing
speaking of attention grabbing can i
just grab your attention for a minute
tell you about our sponsor dbrand
dbrand's grip case is super grippy it's
got their extra clickable buttons and
like anything dbrand it's customizable
so you can change out this marble back
that i've got on mine with dragon skin
or any color you want they're all true
textured authentic 3m vinyl and they are
cut with the precision that you'd expect
from dbrand actually that goes for their
grip cases as well including their
cutouts for fingerprint sensors cameras
etc and then on the front of the phone
they've got their new prism screen
protectors these things are absolutely
nuts the demo you guys are looking at
right now is absolutely real so they've
got this cool applicator that you use to
put their screen protector on so you get
a perfect fit every time and then once
it's on it kind of it feels like glass
on the front but it's not because you
can take it and smack a nail into a
piece of wood with the front of your
phone peel the thing off and
the screen is still pristine i haven't
seen impact protection like this from a
third-party product ever before and you
guys can check out both the grip and the
prism to protect your phone 360 degrees
at the link in the video description so
thanks for watching guys don't miss any
of our ces coverage here at ces 2019 by
making sure that you are subscribed to
linus tech tips and i'm just gonna kind
of tune out for a little bit here i got
some gaming to do and we'll see you guys
later
let's uh
close this close this cabin in here not
gonna not gonna break the headphones
this time
zero g opening
did i mention the adjustable armrests
oh pay attention to the road here
i crashed